voting.md, before:

---
description: >-
  Voting for the servers is one of the quickest ways to make money and earn
  rewards, as well as support our servers.
icon: square-poll-vertical
---

# Voting

Typing `/vote` will pull up a menu of voting sites that our network is listed on. Simply select a voting site and it will send you the link in chat. Click the link and it will pull up in your default browser. Once there, type your in-game-name as it appears on Minecraft and click vote. If done correctly, you will see your balance go up by $250 per voting site. You will also earn a voting point for each vote. If you're on Bedrock, remember to include the dot (.)\
\
You can spend your voting points in `/voteshop`. Currently, you can exchange voting points for the following rewards:



| Server             | Reward          | Cost              |
| ------------------ | --------------- | ----------------- |
| Survival/Lifesteal | Diamond         | 3 Voting Points   |
| Survival/Lifesteal | $10,000         | 10 Voting Points  |
| Survival/Lifesteal | Mending Book    | 50 Voting Points  |
| Survival/Lifesteal | Elytra          | 100 Voting Points |
| Survival/Lifesteal | Blade of Traxis | 100 Voting Points |

## Voting Links

1. [findmcserver](https://findmcserver.com/server/torrent)
2. [minecraftbestservers](https://minecraftbestservers.com/server-torrent.596/)
3. [best-minecraft-servers](https://best-minecraft-servers.co/server-torrent-network.18756/vote)
4. [minecraftservers.org](https://minecraftservers.org/vote/654203)
5. [servers-minecraft](https://servers-minecraft.net/server-torrent-network.25769)
6. [minecraft-server-list](https://minecraft-server-list.com/server/495432/vote/)
7. [topminecraftservers](https://topminecraftservers.org/vote/33820)
8. [minecraft.buzz](https://minecraft.buzz/vote/9708)
9. [minecraft.menu](https://minecraft.menu/server-torrent-network.3376/vote)
10. [planetminecraft](https://www.planetminecraft.com/server/quantumcraft-smp-java-server-1-19-3/vote/)
11. [minecraft-mp](https://minecraft-mp.com/server/320527/vote/)
12. [play-minecraft-servers](https://play-minecraft-servers.com/minecraft-servers/torrent-network/?tab=vote)
13. [minecraft-server](https://minecraft-server.net/vote/Torrent/)
14. [minecraftlist](https://minecraftlist.org/vote/31023)
15. [topmcserver](https://topmcserver.com/server\_details?id=35)
16. [minebrowse](https://minebrowse.com/server/5381)
17. [mcservertime](https://mcservertime.com/server-torrent-network.2169/vote)
18. [trackyserver](https://www.trackyserver.com/server/2507118#vote)

## Vote Party

Work in progress!

Commit message:

Wiki Entry #86: Lifesteal Update/Corrections

voting.md, after:

---
icon: square-poll-vertical
description: >-
  Voting for the servers is one of the quickest ways to make money and earn
  rewards, as well as support our servers.
---

# Voting

Typing `/vote` will pull up a menu of voting sites that our network is listed on. Simply select a voting site and it will send you the link in chat. Click the link and it will pull up in your default browser. Once there, type your in-game-name as it appears on Minecraft and click vote. If done correctly, you will see your balance go up by $250 per voting site. You will also earn a voting point for each vote. If you're on Bedrock, remember to include the dot (.)\
\
You can spend your voting points in `/voteshop`. Currently, you can exchange voting points for the following rewards:



| Server             | Reward          | Cost              |
| ------------------ | --------------- | ----------------- |
| Survival/Lifesteal | Diamond         | 3 Voting Points   |
| Survival/Lifesteal | $10,000         | 10 Voting Points  |
| Survival/Lifesteal | Mending Book    | 50 Voting Points  |
| Lifesteal          | Gem             | 50 Voting Points  |
| Survival/Lifesteal | Elytra          | 100 Voting Points |
| Survival/Lifesteal | Blade of Traxis | 100 Voting Points |

## Voting Links

1. [findmcserver](https://findmcserver.com/server/torrent)
2. [minecraftbestservers](https://minecraftbestservers.com/server-torrent.596/)
3. [best-minecraft-servers](https://best-minecraft-servers.co/server-torrent-network.18756/vote)
4. [minecraftservers.org](https://minecraftservers.org/vote/654203)
5. [servers-minecraft](https://servers-minecraft.net/server-torrent-network.25769)
6. [minecraft-server-list](https://minecraft-server-list.com/server/495432/vote/)
7. [topminecraftservers](https://topminecraftservers.org/vote/33820)
8. [minecraft.buzz](https://minecraft.buzz/vote/9708)
9. [minecraft.menu](https://minecraft.menu/server-torrent-network.3376/vote)
10. [planetminecraft](https://www.planetminecraft.com/server/quantumcraft-smp-java-server-1-19-3/vote/)
11. [minecraft-mp](https://minecraft-mp.com/server/320527/vote/)
12. [play-minecraft-servers](https://play-minecraft-servers.com/minecraft-servers/torrent-network/?tab=vote)
13. [minecraft-server](https://minecraft-server.net/vote/Torrent/)
14. [minecraftlist](https://minecraftlist.org/vote/31023)
15. [top-mc-server](https://top-mc-servers.net/server/334#vote)
16. [minebrowse](https://minebrowse.com/server/5381)
17. [mcservertime](https://mcservertime.com/server-torrent-network.2169/vote)
18. [trackyserver](https://www.trackyserver.com/server/2507118#vote)

## Vote Party

Every time the server reaches 100 votes, we have a party! This _only_ applies to players that have voted during the length of the party. When the vote party is reached, all players receive the following rewards:

* 10 vote keys
* 1 legendary key
* $10,000
* 5 diamonds
* 2 gems (Lifesteal and SkyFactions only)
